The demo application, Crypto Portfolio,
allows users to monitor their cryptocurrency positions.
In its current state,
it uses a traditional three-tier architecture built
using Spring MVC and Spring Boot, your typical monolith.
It is secured with Spring Security and has its own user registration.
If you have watched my previous course,
you're probably familiar with this application.
Data shows that a significant percentage of potential new users are
not completing their user registration process,
and there is an increased volume of failed login attempts and password resets.
To address this, we can try to complement the site with social sign-in,
giving users with either a Google or Facebook account the option of
registering and logging into Crypto Portfolio without having to fill in
the registration page or provide their password. Let's start with Facebook.